Update README.md (#187)
medusajs/admin: README.md

   ```
4. **Go to [http://localhost:7000](http://localhost:7000)**

> _(Optional) Now if you've setup up your medusa server already then below are the credentials (can be found in `seed.json` present in medusa server's data folder)_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_(Optional) If you've already set up up your Medusa server and seeded it with our dummy data, you can use the following credentials_
```
